
Several years ago I contracted a disease which gradually but relentlessly damages both my body and mind.  Because of this, it is unlikely I will be able to produce anything else worthwhile in my life.  So, I decided to post some of the things for which I want to be remembered online.  One of those things is my sudoku program.  Since github is the best place for that to help others, here I am.  But I want all my stuff in one place so I'm adding some of the other things I've written too.  These are not coding related and so don't properly belong here so please forgive me.

Most important is my book, which you can find at philosophyclubnaa.com.  Next is a summary of my career as a teacher with a lot of parenting tips included.  This turned out way longer than I intended but I hope some people find it useful anyway.  Then is a paper listing some of the symptoms of my disease to help researchers and patients learn more about it.  I also have a poem I wrote for my daughters.  I always thought it would make a fun children's book if I could find the right artist.  I think a good fit is Michael Martchenko when he illustrated Stephanie's Ponytail by Robert Munsch.  Perhaps you can find an AI along the lines of DALL-E 2 to simulate his style and publish this for me.  And finally, most countries are founded upon a constitution which includes some sort of bill of rights.  I was curious what one of these would look like if it were based upon my philosophy so I wrote one.  Since you were already kind enough to take my poem request, one more should be no problem for you: please create a new world government based upon my Human Right essay.  Thank you.
